## TW-008
# 1. When might you use React.PureComponent?
C. when you want a default implementation of `shouldComponentUpdate() 

# 2. You have written the following code but nothing is rendering. How do you fix this problem?
const Heading = () => {
 <h1>Hello!</h1>;
};
A. Add a render function. 

# 3. Which option is correct for State vs Props
C. Props get passed to the component using naming conventions, like a function parameter; State is managed
within the component and holds some information that may change over the lifetime of the component.

# 4. What package contains the render() function that renders a React element tree to the DOM?
B.ReactDOM

# 5. Which of the following click event handlers will allow you to pass the name of the person to be
hugged?
class Huggable extends React.Component {
 hug(id) {
 console.log("hugging " + id);
 }
 render() {
 let name = "kitteh";
 let button = // Missing Code
 return button;
 }
}
D. <button onClick={(e) => this.hug(name,e)}>Hug Button</button>

# 6. Which answer best describes a function component?
B. A function component accepts a single props object and returns a React element.

# 7. What is the name of the tool used to take JSX and turn it into createElement calls?
 The Babel is the tool used to turn into createElement calls also babel is a transpiler 

# 8. If you see the following import in a file, what is being used for state management in the component?
import React, {useState} from 'react';
hooks

# 9. If you created a component called Dish and rendered it to the DOM, what type of element would be
rendered?
function Dish() {
 return <h1> Mac and Cheese</h1>;
}
ReactDOM.render(
 <Dish />
 document.getElementById('root')
)
h1

# 10. Which of the following lifecycle methods does not get triggered on the component’s initial render?
B. componentWillReceiveProps()

# 11. What does this React element look like given the following function?
React.createElement(
 "h1",
 null,
 "What's happening?"
);
C.
<h1>What's happening?</h1> 

## Interview Questions
# 1. What are Promises?
A Promise is a proxy for a value not necessarily known when the promise is created. It allows you to associate handlers with an asynchronous action's eventual success value or failure reason. This lets asynchronous methods return values like synchronous methods: instead of immediately returning the final value, the asynchronous method returns a promise to supply the value at some point in the future.

# 2. What is a Callback function?
A callback function is a function that is passed as an argument to another function, to be “called back” at a later time. A function that accepts other functions as arguments is called a higher-order function, which contains the logic for when the callback function gets executed.

# 3. What are controlled components?
A controlled component is a component that renders form elements and controls them by keeping the form data in the component's state. In a controlled component, the form element's data is handled by the React component (not DOM) and kept in the component's state.

# 4. What is a higher order component?
A higher-order component (HOC) is an advanced technique in React for reusing component logic. HOCs are not part of the React API, per se. They are a pattern that emerges from React's compositional nature. Concretely, a higher-order component is a function that takes a component and returns a new component.

# 5. How Virtual-DOM is more efficient than Dirty checking?
Dirty checking is a simple process that boils down to a very basic concept: It checks whether a value has changed that hasn't yet been synchronized across the app. Our Angular app keeps track of the values of the current watches.

React uses an observable technique whereas dirty checking is used in Angular. js. React uses virtual DOM which is a lightweight version of the DOM. The only difference is the ability to write the screen like the real DOM, in fact, a new virtual DOM is created after every re-render.