# 1. Who is the inventor of SASS?
D. Hampton Catlin

# 2. What are the key features for Sass include?
A. Full CSS3-compatible
B. Language extensions such as nesting, variables, and mixins
C. Many useful functions for manipulating colors and other values
D. All of the above
Answer: D

# 3. What is the correct way to define a variable in Sass?
A. $primary-color: #888

# 4. How do you find the minimum of x and y using JavaScript?
B. Math.min(x,y)

# 5. Consider the following arrays. What gets logged in various sorting conditions?
const arr1 = ['a', 'b', 'c'];
const arr2 = ['b', 'c', 'a'];
console.log(
 arr1.sort() === arr1,
 arr2.sort() == arr2,
 arr1.sort() === arr2.sort()
);
C. true, true, false

# 6. Let’s display some notifications to our user! What gets logged in the following snippet?
const notifications = 1;
console.log(
 `You have ${notifications} notification${notifications !== 1 && 's'}`
);
C. You have 1 notificationfalse

# 7. Which of the following class styles a table as a nice basic table with just some light padding and horizontal dividers?
A. .table

# 8. Which of the following class is used to create a button as a link in bootstrap?
B. .btn-link

# 9. Which Class Indicates A Dropdown Menu?
A. .dropdown

# 10. Which statement references the DOM node created by the code shown?
<p class="pull">lorem ipsum</p>
B. document.querySelector('.pull');

# 11. What is the output that is printed when the div containing the text "Click Here" is clicked?
<div id="A">
 <div id="B">
 <div id="C">Click Here</div>
 </div>
</div>
//JavaScript
document.querySelectorAll('div').forEach((e) => {
 e.onclick = (e) => console.log(e.currentTarget.id);
});
C. CBA
(bubling)

# 12. Which statement can be used to select the element from the DOM containing the text "Clarusway
Way to Reinvent Yourself" from this markup?
<h1 class="content">Clarusway</h1>
<div class="content">
 <span class="content">Clarusway Way to Reinvent Yourself</span>
</div>
B.document.querySelector("span.content")

# 13. Which property references the DOM object that dispatched an event?
C. target

# 14. Which event is fired on a text field within a form when a user tabs to it, or clicks or touches it?
A. focus

## Interview Questions
# 1. What are all the looping structures in JavaScript?
Answer: Following are looping structures in Javascript:
For
While
do-while loops

# 2. Explain the difference between "==" and "==="?
Answer: "==" checks only for equality in value whereas "===" is a stricter equality test and returns false if either
the value or the type of the two variables are different.

# 3. What is the difference between an alert box and a confirmation box?
Answer: An alert box displays only one button which is the OK button.
But a Confirmation box displays two buttons namely OK and cancel.

# 4. What is SASS and what are its uses?
Answer: The SASS is useful in reducing the usage of CSS which will reduce the time and saves the code that in
turn increases code reusability and reduces code redundancy. It provides own syntax for the CSS provides in
developing more efficient code. SASS is a superset of CSS which is easier to use and it contains all the features
of CSS.

# 5. How SASS is different from CSS?
Answer: This is the common SASS Interview Questions asked in an interview.
CSS is Cascading Style Sheets whereas SASS is Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets and SASS is a superset of CSS
and it contains all the features of CSS. SASS is a CSS pre-processor that will allow using the different operations
and using variables, mixins, functions, imports and different kinds of loops. Any types of variables can be
declared, defined and used. It will use nested syntax.

# 6. What Bootstrap Package Includes?
Answer: Scaffolding − Bootstrap provides a basic structure with Grid System, link styles, and background. This is
is covered in detail in the section Bootstrap Basic Structure
CSS − Bootstrap comes with the feature of global CSS settings, fundamental HTML elements styled and
enhanced with extensible classes, and an advanced grid system. This is covered in detail in the section Bootstrap
with CSS.
Components − Bootstrap contains over a dozen reusable components built to provide iconography, dropdowns,
navigation, alerts, pop-overs, and much more. This is covered in detail in the section Layout Components.
JavaScript Plugins − Bootstrap contains over a dozen custom jQuery plugins. You can easily include them all, or
one by one. This is covered in details in the section Bootstrap Plugins.
tw-007-team-lead.md 6/25/2022
7 / 8
Customize − You can customize Bootstrap's components, LESS variables, and jQuery plugins to get your very
own version.

# 7. What is Twitter Bootstrap?
Answer: Bootstrap is a sleek, intuitive, and powerful, mobile first front-end framework for faster and easier web
development. It uses HTML, CSS and Javascript.
Bootstrap was developed by Mark Otto and Jacob Thornton at Twitter. It was released as an open source
product in August 2011 on GitHub.