# 1. Which of the following is true about Local Storage in HTML5?
C. Both of the above

# 2. Which of the following is correct about Hex Code format of CSS colors?
D. All of the above 

# 3. Which operator returns true if the two compared values are not equal?
D. !==

# 4. After the following code, what is the value of a.length?
var a = ['dog','lion','hen'];
a[100] = 'horse';

C. 101

# 5. Review the code below. Which statement calls the addTax function and passes 50 as an argument? How
would you use this function to find out how much tax should be paid on $50?
function addTax(total) {
 return total * 1.05;
}
B. addTax(50);

# 6. Which statement creates a new function called discountPrice?

[C]X
let function = discountPrice(price) {
 return price * 0.85;
};

# 7. How would you reference the text 'avenue' in the code shown?
let roadTypes = ["street", "road", "avenue", "circle"];

[D] roadTypes[2]

# 8. When would you use a conditional statement?
[B] When you want your code to choose between multiple options.[C] When you want to group data together

# 9 use of use strict
[B] to tell parsers to enforce all JavaScript syntax rules when processing your code

# 10. Which of the following values is not a Boolean false?
[D] Boolean("false")

# 11. Which of the following is not a keyword in JavaScript?
[B] array

# 12. Which variable is an implicit parameter for every function in JavaScript?

[A] Arguments

## Interview Questions
# 1. Could you name some built-in methods in JavaScript?
- the data stored on an object is a function we call that a method.
- in JavaScript; methods are actions that can be performed on objects, we first need to have objects to start
- There are several objects built into JavaScript which we can use.
- Useful Built-in methods
        Date
        Math
        Strings
        Arrays
        Objects

# 2. What are the escape characters in JavaScript?
Javascript uses '\' (backslash) in front as an escape character. To print quotes, using escape characters we have two options: For single quotes: \' (backslash followed by single quote) For double quotes: \” (backslash followed by double quotes)

# 3. Who developed JavaScript ?
    Brendan Eich
The first ever JavaScript was created by Brendan Eich at Netscape, and has since been updated to conform to ECMA-262 Edition 5 and later versions. This engine, code named SpiderMonkey, is implemented in C/C++.

# 4. How to use a prompt box in JS?
The prompt() method in JavaScript is used to display a prompt box that prompts the user for the input.
    let person = prompt("Please enter your name", "Harry Potter");

# 5. What is JavaScript ‘Strict Mode’?
This strict context prevents certain actions from being taken and throws more exceptions . Its main purpose is to do more checking. Because of the loosly writing character of js.

# 6. What is the difference between ‘var’ and ‘let’ keyword?
It s about the scope: 
- let allows you to declare variables that are limited to the scope of a block statement, or expression on which it is used, 
- var keyword declares a variable globally, or locally to an entire function regardless of block scope.

# 7. What is JavaScript Hoisting?
Hoisting allows functions to be safely used in code before they are declared.

# 8. What is mean by NULL in JavaScript?
Null: It is the intentional absence of the value. It is one of the primitive values of JavaScript.