# 1. When is the <link> tag used?
C. When linking style sheets and favicons

# 2. The "value" attribute is associated with which set of tags?
B. <li><input><option>

# 3. What is the difference between the <div> and <span> tags?
A. <div> is used where a generic block-level tag is needed, while <span> is used where a generic inline tag is
needed.

# 4. What would be the result in the console of running this code?
for (var i=0; i<5; i++){
 console.log(i);
}
D. 01234

# 5. Which of the following values is not a Boolean false?
D. Boolean("false") 

# 6. What will the value of y be in this code:
const x = 6 % 2;
const y = x ? 'One': 'Two';
A. Two 

# 7. Which statement is used to skip iteration of the loop?
D.continue

# 8. Which choice is valid example for an arrow function?
A. (a,b) => c

# 9. Which method do you use to attach one DOM node to another?
C. appendChild()

# 10. You've written the event listener shown below for a form button, but each time you click the button,
the page reloads. Which statement would stop this from happening?
button.addEventListener(
 'click',
 function (e) {
 button.className = 'clicked';
 },
 false,
);
C. e.preventDefault();

# 11. Which statement selects all img elements in the DOM tree?
D. document.querySelectorAll('img')

## Interview Questions
1. Explain the meaning of each of these CSS units for expressing length: cm/em/in/mm/pc/pt/px
Answer: cm - centimeters em - elements (i.e., relative to the font-size of the element; e.g., 2 em means 2 times the
current font size) rem - Relative to font-size of the root element in - inches mm - millimeters pc - picas (1 pc = 12
pt = 1/6th of an inch) pt - points (1 pt = 1/72nd of an inch) px - pixels (1 px = 1/96th of an inch).
2. What is a style sheet?
Answer: A style sheet is used to build a consistent, transportable, and well-designed style template. You can add
these templates on several different web pages. It describes the look and formatting of a document written in
markup language.
3. What are forms and how to create forms in HTML?
Answer: The HTML form is used to collect the user inputs. HTML provides a "form" tag to create forms. To take
input from the user we use the "input" tag inside the form so that all collected user data can be sent to the server
for processing. There are different input types like ‘button’, ‘checkbox’, ‘number’, ‘text’, ‘password’, ‘submit’ etc..
4. In JavaScript, what are the scopes of a variable?
Answer:Scope of a variable means the region of your program within which it is defined. There are two scopes:
Global Variables: A global variable has a global scope meaning that it will be visible everywhere within
your code.
Local Variables: Local variables will only be visible within the function in which it has been defined.
5. What is the Different between Null and Undefined?
*Answer:Both null and undefined have an empty value, but the difference between these two is:
In undefined case, we don't assign a value for the variable.
In the null case, we assign a zero value to the variable.* 
6. Which company developed JavaScript?
Answer: Netscape is the software company who developed JavaScript.