# 1. In the code below, what is the purpose of the id attribute?
A. It establishes that id is a unique identifier in the document, used for styling CSS, scripting, and linking within a
webpage.

# 2. What do media queries allow us to do?
B. Use different CSS based on screen size.

# 3. What is the difference between <input type="submit" value="click me"> and <button
type="submit">Click me</button>?
B. Both will submit a form. However, the <button> can have content other than text, like an image or nested
HTML elements, while the <input> cannot.

# 4. Which Object method returns an iterable that can be used to iterate over the properties of an object?
B. Object.loop()

# 5. What is the value of dessert.type after executing this code?
C. pudding

# 6. Which of the following operators can be used to do a short-circuit evaluation?
D. || 

# 7. What does the following expression evaluate to?
[] == []
A. False

# 8. How many prototype objects are in the chain for the following array?
let arr = [];
D. 1

# 9. An ...................... is a JavaScript function that runs as soon as it is defined.
D. Immediately Invoked Function Expression

# 10. What type of scope does the end variable have in the code shown?
var start = 1;
if (start === 1) {
let end = 2;
}
B.) blocks

# 11. Using ......... lets you share a set of CSS properties from one selector to another.
B. @extend

## Interview Questions
# 1. What is Object Destructuring?
The object destructuring is a useful JavaScript feature to extract properties from objects and bind them to variables. What's better, object destructuring can extract multiple properties in one statement, can access properties from nested objects, and can set a default value if the property doesn't exist.

# 2. What is the rest parameter?
The rest parameter syntax allows a function to accept an indefinite number of arguments as an array, providing a way to represent variadic functions in JavaScript.

# 3. Can you tell us some limitations of JavaScript?
What are the limitations of JavaScript?
Client-side JavaScript does not allow the reading or writing of files. ...
JavaScript could not used for networking applications because there is no such support available.
JavaScript doesn't have any multithreading or multiprocessor capabilities.

# 4. What is the spread operator?
function sum(x, y, z) {
  return x + y + z;
}

const numbers = [1, 2, 3];

console.log(sum(...numbers));
// expected output: 6

console.log(sum.apply(null, numbers));
// expected output: 6

# 5. How to use a prompt box in JS?
let person = prompt("Please enter your name", "Harry Potter");

if (person != null) {
  document.getElementById("demo").innerHTML =
  "Hello " + person + "! How are you today?";
}