# 1.Consider the following async function and its output. What will be displayed to the console when
calling the f() function?
async function f() {
 let result = 'first!';
 let promise = new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
 setTimeout(() => resolve('done!'), 1000);
 });
 result = await promise;
 console.log(result);
}
f();

<!-- A. first! -->
B. done!
<!-- C. JavaScript error
D. Something else -->

# 2. What is the function to stop an interval timer?
D. clearInterval

# 3. What are 2 native functions to run code asynchronously in JavaScript ?
C. setTimeout - setInterval

# 4. What is the output of the code below?
let x = 0;
async function test() {
 x += await 2;
 console.log(x);
}
test();
x += 1;
console.log(x);

A. 2 3
B. 0 1
C. 1 2
D. 2 2

# 5. To get the first item from the array ("cooking") using array destructuring, how do you adjust this line?
const topics = ["cooking", "art", "history"]

<!-- A. const first = ["cooking", "art", "history"]
B. const [] = ["cooking", "art", "history"]
C. const [, first]["cooking", "art", "history"] -->
D. const [first] = ["cooking", "art", "history"] 

# 6. What should the console read when the following code is run?
const [, , animal] = ["Horse", "Mouse", "Cat"]
console.log(animal)

B. Cat

# 7. Which collection object allows unique value to be inserted only once?

A. Set

# 8. Why would you choose an asynchronous structure for your code?

D. To start tasks that might take some time without blocking subsequent tasks from executing immediately

# 9. What is the HTTP verb to request the contents of an existing resource?

A. GET

# 10. What will be logged to the console?
console.log('I');
setTimeout(() => {
 console.log('love');
}, 0);
console.log('Javascript!');

A.
I
Javascript!
Love

# 11. How do you remove the property name from this object?
const foo = {
 name: 'Noah',
};

B. delete foo.name; 

## Interview Questions 
# 1. What are Promises?
The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation and its resulting value.
This lets asynchronous methods return values like synchronous methods: instead of immediately returning the final value, the asynchronous method returns a promise to supply the value at some point in the future.

# 3. What is prototype in javascript?
Prototype is a concept in JavaScript that describes how objects share data or methods from other objects through a chain of inheritance. Example: A child's prototype is his biological mother and father. This means that, by default, the child inherits some properties(data) from the parent.

# 4. What is JSX?
JSX stands for JavaScript XML. JSX allows us to write HTML in React. JSX makes it easier to write and add HTML in React.